---
title: "25 Books in 2025: Books at the Top of My Stack"
date: "2025-01-15"
---

There's something so satisfying about creating lists and marking off items when complete. Inspired by the "25 Books in 2025" trend, I've put together my own priority TBR list for the year:

1. _All Systems Red_ by Martha Wells
2. _The Bear and the Nightengale_ by Katherine Arden
3. _Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS_ by BTS, Myeongseok Kang
4. _Blood Over Bright Haven_ by M.L. Wang
5. _The Book Thief_ by Markus Zusak
6. _The Chosen and the Beautiful_ by Nghi Vo
7. _Crying in H Mart_ by Michelle Zauner
8. _Emily Wilde's Compendium of Lost Tales_ by Heather FAwcitt
9. _The Housekeeper and the Professor_ by Yoko Ogawa
10. _Howl's Moving Castle_ by Diana Wynne Jones
11. _Human Acts_ by Han Kang
12. _If We Were Villians_ by M.L. Rio
13. _Land of Milk and Honey_ by C Pam Zhang
14. _The Ninth Rain_ by Jen Williams
15. _One for My Enemy_ by Olivie Blake
16. _Persuasion_ by Jane Austen
17. _The Priory of the Orange Tree_ by Samantha Shannon
18. _The Seven Year Slip_ by Ashley Poston
19. _Shark Heart_ by Emily Habeck
20. _Six of Crows_ by Leigh Bardugo
21. _Station Eleven_ by Emily St. John Mandel
22. _Strange the Dreamer_ by Laini Taylor
23. _There There_ by Tommy Orange
24. _The Thursday Murder Club_ by Richard Osman
25. _Tom Lake_ by Ann Patchett

Narrowing down to just 25 books was a challenge, so I focused on the reads I'm currently most excited about. While I mainly wanted to include standalones to avoid starting even more series than I'm already invested in, some series-starters were too compelling to ignore. Books like _All Systems Red_, _Six of Crows_, and _The Thursday Murder Club_ earned their spots through their widespread acclaim and glowing recommendations. Others, like _Blood Over Bright Haven_ and _The Chosen and the Beautiful_, captured my interest with their unique premises and storytelling approaches.

I couldn't help but include my most anticipated release of 2025 - _Emily Wilde's Compendium of Lost Tales_, the conclusion to one of my favorite cozy fantasy series. And while some books have been patiently waiting on my TBR for quite a while, newer titles like _Land of Milk and Honey_ also made the cut, promising a delicious exploration of cuisine and culture that speaks to my foodie soul.

To keep my options open throughout the year, I made sure to include books across different genres to match my varying reading moods and diversify my reading experience. Though I plan to read more than these 25 books, this list represents the stories I'm most looking forward to exploring in 2025. I'm already reminding myself to be kind and forgiving - it's okay if I don't get to all these books this year. I'm excited to dive in and discover new favorites along the way, whether they're from this list or unexpected finds that catch my eye.
